README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - 3-column preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [3-column preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/3column-preview-card-component-pH92eAR2-). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued Development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Github Repo URL: [3-Column Preview Card Repo](https://github.com/amyspencerproject/three-column-preview-card)
- Live Site URL: [3-Column Preview Card Page](https://amyspencerproject.github.io/qr-code/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS Variables
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

-

### Continued development

### Useful resources

- [Example resource 1](https://www.example.com) - This helped me for XYZ reason. I really liked this pattern and will use it going forward.

## Author

- Website - [Amy Spencer](https://spencerproject.com/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@amyspencerproject](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/amyspencerproject)
- Linkedin - [amyspencercodes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amyspencercodes/)

Commit message:

Added the hover psuedo classes and updated Readme.md file.

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - 3-column preview card component solution

This is a solution to the [3-column preview card component challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/3column-preview-card-component-pH92eAR2-). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued Development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- View the optimal layout depending on their device's screen size
- See hover states for interactive elements

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)

### Links

- Github Repo URL: [3-Column Preview Card Repo](https://github.com/amyspencerproject/three-column-preview-card)
- Live Site URL: [3-Column Preview Card Page](https://amyspencerproject.github.io/three-column-preview-card/)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS Variables
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow

### What I learned

- Focused on trying to practice DRY, Don't Repeat Yourself!
- Used CSS variables for the color
- Styled the button and the card as components first and then added extra class for the specfic color and content
- Started with using `<main>` as a kind of container for the card elements. Ran into trouble when trying to add a max-width for the cards in the desktop view. It is always better to have an extra container div when building a component like this that make be used in some other parts of a webpage. Make it easy for someone to copy this component over and keep things contained and named 😇

### Continued development

Made it through this challenge fairly quick which means chosing the layout, media queriers, adding padding/margins is becoming more intuitive 🥳

### Useful resources

## Author

- Website - [Amy Spencer](https://spencerproject.com/)
- Frontend Mentor - [@amyspencerproject](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/amyspencerproject)
- Linkedin - [amyspencercodes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/amyspencercodes/)
